Update bug/feature templates (#2041)
openapi-ts/openapi-typescript: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/feature-openapi-fetch.md

---
name: "Feature request: openapi-fetch"
about: For the openapi-fetch library
title: ""
labels: openapi-fetch, enhancement, help wanted
assignees: ""
body:
  - type: textarea
    id: description
    attributes:
      label: Description
      description: Brief description of the problem you’re trying to solve, and why this could be useful.
    validations:
      required: true
  - type: textarea
    id: proposal
    attributes:
      label: Proposal

>       description: Write out the proposed syntax change. Please reference any prior art or similar examples.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      description: Describe the proposed change. Please reference any prior art or similar examples.
```
